it's very nice Georg Willeit in the Sarah of football manager 2011 and if
Ask a few questions now
a majority Hello
solved the Astra which expect food and his Poser Manager 2011
during this year and 2 - know the features of the game focused
mainly on deployment tactics
and you to the transfer market and there are
altogether determined already 50 different improvements
because important especially already clock range that is now all about fully occupied it
called
In addition, such a small field, for example, on which he makes his attitude
rather
No, you have all the space available for tactical things
right on the pitch too, not just one anymore
List but
times sets directly next to the field
and how, for example, are open again and effective
set in the player can tell the routes communicate
and I think it's all in all who have nice improvements right now
tactical field and
in the transfer market
Brown's very important to us this
These summer theaters must submit all those transfers
MK last year when I played there
around Real Madrid and all the barrel and Bayern Munich
all this tension this summer the ruler of as
Fehrenbach not every day
On the internet with fever water just happened and around on maybe the too
we come or not and
everything always goes back and forth to that we want in the game for illustrations
and then tried
practically all these transfers even among newspaper reports, so to speak
to capture that is
You can then go if such a transfer men worked really go
you can leaf through what the old days are happening to what sort of way
led the test match in the end then comes or just
to the competitors applies
yes, last year, Dr
the fools introduced a mode
what could he advise therefore this
what the online mode Bayer first to be so second game you with
NSN
to get along with just
soit as additional option of the percent you can then play
if you do that you are the focus of that
Mainly this mode in Dubai is meanwhile number 82 player just is
and then really
so also competition the game it is called before you were always
in that I also grew up playing games at the lake many people still
played alone manager
and that has been the objective so far in the last year and now
already visited this year after
For a year, so to speak, people have played us against
Much of it has to be implemented and
What he always noticed is that it's right so direct confrontations
direct
Dispute it means that, for example, against Böhr as if you
against a human player plays the action can do and there
we thought we are building trichet action cards
for the one game
Parents before important games and which one can earn oneself so to speak by
Performance before so you can get points for all good cause
because 1060 different maps which one can then purposefully for example
inserting one notices the online mode is a bit different
Of course, Yemen Hamm never make the main game because there is one of the most honest
Slaves foreground if that is here
playful elements and also the other things we did
to have
the four then actually so the competition for example gives now
Tasks of sponsors
to get to the longest winning streak roll off completely different stuff yes
also much more complex loose and then stand the player competitions need
because this goal is created and who is best for the war then
Example a cash prize or get a game or any things and
that's so very nice thing to look at as well as tame the toilet youth vigor
means a little Vienna
alone in America
that is offered to youth player you can then according to people out
Offer
because the weaker clubs will prefer a little bit so small from TUI
Weaving does not only start with the strongest clubs
that means everything super number
of course, men are stuck game too, a bit of complexity is says
but then too
just something for diehard fans or can even beginners with great
Interest Red cope
so who of course
Of course, we know that we can build it with the new Tesla feature
make it more complicated
but I think about their every year our place
different things this year the newbie, so to speak, it's life
for the first time to make it possible to cope with that
and for example, in the tactical field, the crm SCM traditionally very very
many options make it very complicated to see through
but now we have an assistant that means if you can do that
the first time practically in the rhythm of the field is because if they are the
Basic attitude you have to do », explains
one goes at least age through is first a son so games me
not noticed since two games and so on lower abdomen explains exactly what is
Forums for cons has
and if you have to go through this so far then you are already fat
and tactical settings all made
Then you can start and honor ladies different areas
Things are done and are now acting no
who here very good help system that both on small and in the
online mode is included
because there is on every screen
possible
Now pack and pull
March at least give apartment what really needs to be explained Matip da
on it and then get exactly the information at this point then
Also important are UNAMA euro-cup that are not as common causes clock
just
So what you see anyway but the right help is then
also really has substance and
A game helps even further, and it is precisely these that have to stand inside
We want to know the stars and we asked very many people
and have
worked with the get in and also looked
what information from niece now so what you do not know where from the problem on
For example, simple people also in laws just have him
observed
and then just a lot of notes have been made to see days to go
Problem is the problem there
and I do not think so much further considering the very good
Get feedback on the help as well so I think that's a big one
step for
for newcomers in traffic jams